Document component approach (#181)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/README.md

# Components

>  ## What is a Psammead component?

Reviewer: Dodgy markup in this file - everything after line 1 has a ` ` space before it 🤔

 Fundamentally, Psammead components are intended to be:
 * Presentational
 * GEL-Compliant
 * Accessible

 ## What does that mean?
 ### Presentational
 When developing and using Psammead components, we try to maintain a very clear distinction between [presentational and container components, as they are described in this blog post](https://medium.com/@dan_abramov/smart-and-dumb-components-7ca2f9a7c7d0). 

>  In summary, Psammead components should be almost exclusively concerned with how the component appears, and should avoid fetching or mutating data. Instead, these data fetching and mutating operations are split out into "container" components that can be entirely separate, and which can provide any necessary data or behaviour to presentational components via props.

Reviewer: Perhaps link to Simorgh as an example here.

>  These principles help Psammead components be reused across fundamentally different projects and back-ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These principles help Psammead components to be reusable across different projects and back-ends.
```
